# Unamed Plannet // 2.21.5014u

Upon completing your mission and analysing the data collected from the ship, the cause of the energy surge is somewhat strange. Initial analysis suggests a massive EMP wiped out shipe wide systems aboard "The Venture" however further investigation is when things got...strange.

Here are the logs recovered, I will let you see for yourselves:

<pre><code>
Ship Time: Day 121 | 13.00 (pre-energy surge)

exited blinkspace, systems normal, orbit protocol begin

Ship Time: Day 121 | 15.24

Energy surge detected on planet surface, caution advised. Orbit protocol engaged.

Ship Time: Day 121 | 15.26

WARNING: ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSE DETECTED - emergency power activated - orbit protocol compromised, manual control activated

Ship Time: Day e̴͐̇r̴̘̾ŕ̸͗ó̸̃ṙ̸̭ - c̵̈́̾o̵̖͗r̵͛̌r̴̛͘ǔ̶̌p̸̊̑t̸̂̚è̷̉d̴̖̎

WARNING: GRAVITY WELL DETECTED, IMMEDIATE EVACUATION OF SHIP REQUIRED - cooridinates: undetected

Ship Time: Day -18262.5 | 01.22

System reboot: days adrift 308 - distress signal activated.

No survivors detected.

ERROR: Date and Time unavailable. Reasoning: Time estimation -18262.5 day time difference. Please read CAPTAIN'S MANUAL for further information - Code: WTF042
</code></pre>


On a side note, The World's End has a new addition...kind of. "Mother", the giant crab abducted from Ocean World X has temporarily been put in one of the training rooms of the World's End and remains there for now. The crew are unsure as to how to approach this new 'pet' but the researchers are happy to study new, alien life. They give you 200 extra manna as thanks.