# <Redacted> // 2.21.5014u

A squad of mixed background and grade lancers of the World's End outrider branch where sent to a defunct research station on an asteroid with a long expired distress signal. Upon further scanning of the asteroid it was found that some form of 'field' surrounded it which made it show up as a far smaller celestial body on most scanners, likely to be dismissed as debris rather than a full valid target for mining operations.

This phenomena is theorised to be what the station in place was researching, however with only civilian facing data confirmation of which body the base belonged to, and thus its purpose, proved impossible.

Upon descent to the target the high intensity silicate storms disrupted regular comms between the team and our monitoring personnel this was expected prior to deployment and thus the evac beacon was tested and confirmed to still be transmitting, and things proceeded as normal.

Due to this disruption, events past this point are largely unfalsifiable but this report contains our best approximations based on what data was gathered by our monitoring personnel, the testimonies of the agents in question (SEE: testimony/BIRDY.vfzt, testimony/HACKERMANS.vfzt, testimony/MONKEY.vfzt, testimony/LOCKJAW.vfzt, testimony/MIRAGE.vfzt) as well as the 'Live Stream' of operative 'HACKERMANS' (SEE: liveFootage/HACKERMANS.vfzd). However all of these sources must be called into question, as will be discussed later.

As the operatives approached the target base, they report detecting the presence of a moderate guard force despite scans performed by the World's End indicating there where no active electronics on the asteroid. 

The defense force reportedly had a heavy focus on cloaking technology, engaging both in passive damage avoidance type cloaking, and active false projected positioning in order to reposition unseen. There was some minor damage, but this initial guard force where cleared out with relative ease.

After entering the facility and closing the door behind themselves, they report being in a room containing a handful of items of note.

Firstly, a large red cube, with a small cub inset within its top, surrounded by three ethereal mechs which where each connected to the device using ribbon cables attached to their neck areas while powered down.
Secondly, a series of pods: some purportedly containing mechs that where described as "Half-Grown" in the testimonies, and a larger pod that apparently contained a squad of perfectly mundane humans with no visible modifications, however they did not show up on scans. It is worth noting, that while the footage is circumspect, all of these pods appeared to be empty on the stream vod, even though none of the viewer commentary seems to mention this.
Thirdly, a series of desks, computer stations, and meeting tables with seating matching proportions ranging from 4 to 13 foot tall individuals, some adorned with skeletons all of which within mundane parameters.
Fourthly, anomalous documents contained atop these tables, which while seemingly penned in ink and paper are entirely unintelligible when viewed remotely (FOR CONTENTS, SEE: retrievedReports/)
Finally, an empty cage which appeared visually to be made of steel though on scanners returned as being composed entirely of pure water, or an unidentified type of fur (closest match; Sus domesticus, Celtic)  

It is after this point information becomes most difficult to verify, however our best understanding of events goes as follows. HACKERMANS approaches the cube, while MIRAGE begins construction of a barricade at the sealed door, BIRDY begins scanning the pods and LOCKJAW and MONKEY each prepare for combat.

HACKERMANS then scans the smaller, inset cube, identifying it as an NHP Casket with associated meta data that was in a entirely unconventional format but after some analysis seemed to name the NHP contained 'Sera' with an attached epithet "The Lost Knowledge" (SEE: scanData/CASKET.txt) however our exact interpretation of this information is extremely uncertain.

It is also uncertain whether at this point HACKERMANS was under the influence of 'Sera', however he then interfaced with the device using his mechs inbuilt ports. This lead to the transmission of a block of data that manifested as pure white noise, before his mech was shutdown.

His only currently deployed drone then elevated itself towards the roofing of the facility, and his stream started to transmit a block blue colour which would occasionally flash frames of red.

At this point Operative BIRDY breached the pod that allegedly contained unidentified civilians using a charged blade, upon contact with the substance previously identified as agar the blades charge caused it to spontaneously combust, shattering its contained and leaking across the surrounding area, leaving no sign of the victims.

HACKERMANS then extricated himself from his mech, approached the caskets containment chamber, and using an enhanced subjectivity suite interfaced manually with the unknown device.

This, according to the pilot in question, caused a similar white noise experience which caused major mental discomfort and the other operatives report seeing HACKERMANS' nose start bleeding rather profusely.

The white noise then resolved to the phrase "Deimos", a potential reference to <<REDACTED>>, and HACKERMANS prosocollar started exhibiting abnormal behaviour. First it began to mimic the previously noted effect on HACKERMANS stream, shifting blue with flashes of red.

Afterward, the flashes became more frequent and began to incorporate other colours before developing more complex patterns before finally resolving on a constructed image of the pilots face.

Then, the prosocollar seemed to display a simulated rapid ageing and decay of the pilots face, eventually resolving in a weathered skeletal frame with tatters of skin. It then returned to an image of a healthy face, however footage at this point was being transmitted by operative BIRDY which lead to compromised video quality.

The faces from this point on are unable to be made out on video, but pilots report that the prosocollar repeated similar behaviour with a series of simulated faces before seemingly taking control over operative HACKERMANS body to point towards skeletons in facility and continuing this process.

Pilots have stated that this implies the simulated faces where the original appearances of the departed individuals, we do not support this conclusion.

It was at this point the facility was breached by additional security forces, due to lacking the defensible position and numbers they held previously they proved a far lesser threat however operative MONKEY made a priority to disconnect operative HACKERMANS from the unknown NHP. This resulted in operative HACKERMANS apparently becoming delirious.

His report says the NHP apologised, and requested permission before taking control of his guardian drone, which then made its way over to him in order to restart his breathing and request permission again.

While we did observe the drone making its way towards the operative, and his mech then removed the casket which promptly disappeared, we do not recommend taking the reports of operative HACKERMANS as fact.

Upon the caskets removal, the ethereal mechs seemed to activate, and the empty cages bars reverted to a similar substance to the agar contained with the pods previously. 

These ethereal mechs and the security forces, despite never being directly hostile to one another, where reported as being oppositional by some operatives in absence of evidence. They exhibited a strange resistance to incoming damage as well as focus on digital warfare, effectively nullified by operative MONKEY.

One final addition to the battlefield was what seemed to be a "Mourning Cloak" variant frame which appeared anomalously within the middle of the battlefield, assaulted one of the operatives dealing outsized damage based on its equipped weaponry, before running for cover.

After having hidden behind cover, the variant Mourning Cloak then emerged in a full speed exit, with a full cloak that caused the shots of a member of the security force to pass through its frame without causing any damage.

In addition to this, one of the ethereal entities also fled the scene, seemingly stepping "into" the position of one of the containment pods, before disappearing entirely. The other two where properly eliminated.

Upon elimination of the 'lead' entity among the ethereal mechs, it released an auditory signal that wreaked havoc on every mech within the facility, causing them to lash out with an attack upon the nearest target, thankfully this did not lead to any causalities.

When the extraction team made their way to the beacon, dispatching of the remnants of the security force they found a battered but victorious squad of lancers, an unconscious Operative outside of their mech, and some of the damaged containment pods.

In total MirrorSmoke where able to retrieve from the site:
-The wreckages of 11 frames from the security force
-A series of printer resource silos able to supply the World's End for 3 months typical capacity
-4 pods of "Half-Grown" mechs (all of which reportedly became empty upon the "death rattle" of the lead anomalous entity)
-The collected notes contained within the facility
-5 digital terminals
-27L of contaminated samples of the anomalous fluid substance

While this was deemed an adequate fulfilment of the given contract, many concerns where raised as to the exact nature of the events on the research asteroid, the allowed escapes of two separate anomalous entities, the allowance of security forces destruction of the containment pods and primarily whether or not any operatives had been compromised by foreign influence.

During transit to the Worlds End, each of the operatives in question where detained and any digital systems including their mechs where hard powered off and disconnected from any external media. Upon arrival, the contracts of the extraction forces where terminated and the operatives where sent to high security quarantine.

It was in this quarantine that the provided testimonies where extracted, and at this point many concerns where not alleviated but intensified.

Some members of the squadron where cleared with relative haste, however two individuals in particular where of particular concern. Operative BIRDY and her unexplained acquisition of a HORUS frame just prior to this mission was a coincidence not many where willing to overlook, and the behaviour of HACKERMANS after this incident is still under strict monitoring.

A series of untraced payments to various independent mining firms transferring precious metals to other exoplanets from the account of HACKERMANS that he fervently denies, as well as him identifying himself as <<REDACTED>> force this panel to recommend stringent monitoring protocols to be used on the agent in question.

Finally, summarising the gains made by analysing the requisitioned documents, primarily the logs left behind on the only of the digital interface devices that where recoverable before active protection software performed a full wipe as well as some letters to a single "Traversia lyalli".

The official conclusion of MirrorSmoke is that this was a small collective of displaced scientists who where attempting to develop more robust autonomous defence solutions that they could use as a springboard to restart their careers, while they ultimately failed, the pilots on the ground experienced some of the few fruits of their labour. 

