# Act 0: Far Field Team
Sophia was born into a family of high society in a system close to the Cradle. Her education was completed at the Lancehold Military Academy, a space station built around several gravitational anomalies, where she learnt to use a mech, focusing on agility, acrobatics and esoteric environments like zero-g and underwater systems. During her study, she took on a role in exploring worlds within the known areas of the galaxy, focusing on the non-standard environments that most pilots would hesitate to enter. Eventually, she grew bored and her wanderlust led her to the unknown regions at the edge of space. After three hundred and forty-two years in cryostasis, gliding through the void, she searched for a new Cradle with a team of two other Lancers, Luna Kalahi and Brynn Hale. Together, they  found new star systems on the edges of civilisation, spurred on by curiosity to discover and catalogue anomalies and habitable environments. Four years in, an anomalous zero-g investigation turned sour, seriously injuring Luna, who was left unable to pilot her mech. Reluctant to go on without Luna, Brynn also set down his mech, and with no team to work with, Sophia accepted employment in World's End, hoping to continue exploring the frontier with a myriad of other pilots. Close to three hundred and fifty years on from her departure from Cradle, she struggles to feel grounded with the galaxy changed in its entirety since her childhood but still feeling only a few years older.
